Feat: Add keyboard with focus node implementation (#909)
flame-engine/flame: doc/keyboard-input.md

- [Gesture Input](gesture-input.md): for mouse and touch pointer gestures
- [Other Inputs](other-inputs.md): For joysticks, game pads, etc.

## Intro

The keyboard API on flame relies on the 
[Flutter's Focus widget](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/Focus-class.html).

To customize focus behavior, see [Controlling focus](#controlling-focus).

There are two ways a game can be sensitive to key strokes; at the game level and at a component level.
For each we have a mixin that can me added to  `Game`s and `BaseComponent`s, respectively. 

### Receive keyboard events in a game level

To make a `Game` sub class sensitive to key stroke, mix it with `KeyboardEvents`.

After that, it will be possible to override an `onKeyEvent` method.

This method receives two parameters, first the [`RawKeyEvent`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/services/RawKeyEvent-class.html) 
that triggered the callback in the first place. The second is a set of the currently pressed [`LogicalKeyboardKey`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html).

The return value should be a [`KeyEventResult`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html). 

> `KeyEventResult.handled` will tell the framework that he key stroke was resolved inside of Flame and skip any other keyboard handler widgets apart of `GameWidget`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`KeyEventResult.handled` will tell the framework that the key stroke was resolved inside of Flame and skip any other keyboard handler widgets apart of `GameWidget`.
```

`KeyEventResult.ignored` will tell the framework to keep testing this event in any other keyboard handler widget apart of `GameWidget`. If the event is not resolved by any handler, the framework will trigger `SystemSoundType.alert`.

> `KeyEventResult.skipRemainingHandlers` is very similar to `.ignored`, apart from the fatc that will skip any other handler widget and will straight up play the alert sound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`KeyEventResult.skipRemainingHandlers` is very similar to `.ignored`, apart from the fact that will skip any other handler widget and will straight up play the alert sound.
```

Minimal example:

```dart
class MyGame extends Game with KeyboardEvents {
  // ...
  @override
  KeyEventResult onKeyEvent(
    RawKeyEvent event,
    Set<LogicalKeyboardKey> keysPressed,
  ) {
    final isKeyDown = event is RawKeyDownEvent;
    
    final isSpace = event == LogicalKeyboardKey.space;

    if (isSpace && isKeyDown) {
      if (keysPressed.contains(LogicalKeyboardKey.altLeft) ||
          keysPressed.contains(LogicalKeyboardKey.altRight)) {
        this.shootHarder();
      } else {
        this.shoot();
      }
      return KeyEventResult.handled;
    }
    return KeyEventResult.ignored;
  }
}
```

### Receive keyboard events in a component level

To receive keyboard events directly in components, there is the mixin `KeyboardHandler`.

> Similarly to `Tappable` and `Draggable`, `KeyboardHandler` can be mixed into any `BaseComponent` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to `Tappable` and `Draggable`, `KeyboardHandler` can be mixed into any `BaseComponent` 
```

subclass. 

KeyboardHandlers must only be added to games that are mixed with `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents`.

> ⚠️ Attention: If `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents` is used, you must remove `KeyboardEvents` 
> from the game mixin list to avoid conflicts.

After applying `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents`, it will be possible to override an `onKeyEvent` method.

This method receives two parameters. First the [`RawKeyEvent`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/services/RawKeyEvent-class.html) 

> that triggered the callback in the first place. The second is a set of the currently pressed [`LogicalKeyboardKey`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that triggered the callback in the first place. The second is a set of the currently pressed [`LogicalKeyboardKey`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html)s.
```

The returned value should be `true` to allow the continuous propagation of the key event among other components. 

> To not allow any other component to receive the event, return `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To not allow any other component to receive the event, return `false`.
```

### Controlling focus

> In the widget level, it is possible to use the [`FocusNode`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/FocusNode-class.html) API to control whether the game is focused or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the widget level, it is possible to use the [`FocusNode`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/FocusNode-class.html) API to control whether the game is focused or not. 
```

`GameWidget` has an optional `focusNode` parameter that allow its focus to be controlled externally.

> By default `GameWidget` has its `autofocus` set to true, which is, it will be focused once it is mounted. To override that behavior, set `autofocus` to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `GameWidget` has its `autofocus` set to true, which means it will get focused once it is mounted. To override that behavior, set `autofocus` to false.
```

> You can also check a more complete example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more complete example see 
```

# Keyboard Input

This includes documentation for keyboard inputs.

For other input documents, see also:

- [Gesture Input](gesture-input.md): for mouse and touch pointer gestures

> - [Keyboard Input](keyboard-input.md): for keystrokes

Reviewer 2: Other

## Intro

The keyboard API on flame relies on the 
[Flutter's Focus widget](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/Focus-class.html).

> To customize focus behavior see [Controlling focus](#controlling-focus)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To customize focus behavior, see [Controlling focus](#controlling-focus).
```

> There is two ways a game can be sensitive to key strokes, ina game level and in a component level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways a game can be sensitive to key strokes; at the game level and at a component level.
```

For each we have a mixin that can me added to  `Game`s and `BaseComponent`s, respectively. 

### Receive keyboard events in a game level

To make a `Game` sub class sensitive to key stroke, mix it with `KeyboardEvents`.

After that, it will be possible to override an `onKeyEvent` method.

This method receives two parameters, first the [`RawKeyEvent`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/services/RawKeyEvent-class.html) 
that triggered the callback in the first place. The second is a set of the currently pressed [`LogicalKeyboardKey`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html).

The return value should be a [`KeyEventResult`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html). 

> `KeyEventResult.handled` will tell the framework that he key stroke was resolved inside of flame and skip any other keyboard handler widget apart of `GameWidget`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`KeyEventResult.handled` will tell the framework that he key stroke was resolved inside of Flame and skip any other keyboard handler widgets apart of `GameWidget`.
```

Minimal example:

```dart
class MyGame extends Game with KeyboardEvents {
  // ...
  @override
  KeyEventResult onKeyEvent(
    RawKeyEvent event,
    Set<LogicalKeyboardKey> keysPressed,
  ) {
    final isKeyDown = event is RawKeyDownEvent;
    
    final isSpace = event == LogicalKeyboardKey.space;

    if (isSpace && isKeyDown) {
      if (keysPressed.contains(LogicalKeyboardKey.altLeft) ||
          keysPressed.contains(LogicalKeyboardKey.altRight)) {
        this.shootHarder();
      } else {
        this.shoot();
      }
      return KeyEventResult.handled;
    }
    return KeyEventResult.ignored;
  }
}
```

### Receive keyboard events in a component level

To receive keyboard events directly in components, there is the mixin `KeyboardHandler`.

Similarly to `Tappable` and `Draggable`, `KeyboardHandler` can be mixed into any `BaseComponent` 
subclass. 

KeyboardHandlers must only be added to games that are mixed with `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents`.

> ⚠️ Attention: If `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents` is used, you must remove `KeyboardEvents` 

> > from the game mixing list to avoid conflict.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> from the game mixing list to avoid conflicts.
```

> > from the game mixing list to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> from the game mixin list to avoid conflicts.
```

After applying `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents`, it will be possible to override an `onKeyEvent` method.

> This method receives two parameters, first the [`RawKeyEvent`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/services/RawKeyEvent-class.html) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method receives two parameters. First the [`RawKeyEvent`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/services/RawKeyEvent-class.html) 
```

that triggered the callback in the first place. The second is a set of the currently pressed [`LogicalKeyboardKey`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/KeyEventResult-class.html).

The returned value should be `true` to allow the continuous propagation of the key event among other components. 
To not allow any other component to receive the event, return `false`

> 

Reviewer 2: double empty line?

Author: Spaaaaaaaa

ce

### Controlling focus

In the widget level, it is possible to use the [`FocusNode`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/FocusNode-class.html) API to control whether the game is focused or not. 

`GameWidget` has an optional `focusNode` parameter that allow its focus to be controlled externally.

> By default `GameWidget` has its `autofocus` set to true, which is, it will be focused once it is mounted. to override that behavior, set `autofocus` to false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default `GameWidget` has its `autofocus` set to true, which is, it will be focused once it is mounted. To override that behavior, set `autofocus` to false.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
